1 wavefroms from the link of piero and cite ...  Add the figures to SI and cite INGV ...   Hugo

2 evidence looking at the surface geololy,
cite the paper from piero

 === Read paper we discuss 
 ==  Modify the text (citation) Hugo
 ==  Modify figure accordingly  David

4 we do not know the geometry of the faults and therefore it's difficult tom make this analysis
We can not estimate focal mechanism for very small magnitude events... we can not know the geometry... no coulomb analysis.

 === Modify text ... Hugo

5 and 5a fig change figures

 === Modify figures ... Hugo

6 repeat the blabla and add one with the other projection as SI

 === Add figure in SI ... Hugo


7 MOST BLABLA SKIP


FIGURES CHANGING

Fig 2. Change legend 6pm-6am. Check text for diurnal variability..... David

Fig 4. Add tick to x label for mainshock ... Hugo
Fig 4. thiner line of 90% activity ... Hugo


Mention that we did extensive tests and we choose these parametrization... text Hugo

 
Add template hypocenter and magnitude in table S4 ... Hugo
Include a map with the seismicity from INGV add focal mechanism ... Hugo

focal mechanisms ... David

Add some text in the discussion about the bias of using our templates to catch the whole seismicity



Magnitude yes we used 23%, but we can show that our templates cover the whole region according to the INGV Catalog. SI.


We can show the figure about the magnitude fit of the LS fitting ... David

Add something about the magnitude unimportance .... Hugo



Add text in clustering section with reviewer comments and also in the 

results mentioning the that cluster 3 is containing the left over of the waveforms.

Check for high correlation values in the foreshock and aftershock sequence (potential repeating earthquakes) ... David

Add comments about repeating equakes to the text ... Hugo

Plot figure 4 (central column) in a logtime scale 0 is origin time. add as SI, and conclude what we see according to the comment ... Hugo

Mention something about repeating equakes in the aftershock sequence and its relevance to determine if there is or not afterslip .... David

check text for medium - moderate - small and be consistent ... Hugo


check if we can add fault outcrops ... David.

Figure 3 ... David

Figure S1 ... Check distance and report good value everywhere.  ... Hugo and David

Figure S2 ... bye remove it

SMALL EDITS in text ... Hugo


in line 270 (volumetric damage) we add Inbal paper cite

2 and 3 could be also afterslip..

from 
